---
title: "Content"
bg: white
color: black
---


## How to Save Money

Just because saving is often hard doesn’t mean it’s not simple.  And yet, millions of people feel as if a hole in their pocket has been bleeding them dry from the moment they woke up.  More often a battle of the will, we struggle with impulsivity, restraint, and the gold old fashioned desire to have our cake and eat it too.  But alas, with but a little skill one can find their savings slowly accumulating each month and their expenditures spiraling downward.  It’s time to take charge of the budget and with these 7 simple steps you’ll be on your way to financial freedom in no time!

## Stop Eating Out!

k, perhaps that’s a little harsh, but if you look at the past month and realize just how much money you gifted to the food service industry it might make you sick.  From tipping the 20-year-old waiter who still got your order wrong to paying $10 bucks for that margarita with just a splash of tequila in it you are paying a huge premium every time you dine out.  
And what’s worse, if you eat out at restaurants often enough you will find the experience becoming boring and dull.  So rather than eating out 3 times a week at your mediocre chain restaurant establishment, why not treat yourself twice a month to a dining experience worth raving about.  The simple math is that 2 seemingly pricier meals a month are much cheaper than 12 trips to your local Applebees.  By choosing this method you can not only save money, but you can truly look forward to the experience of doing so. 

## Cut the Cord: Get Rid of Cable Television
To be honest, who still really uses cable these days.  For many, a cable package is more like a security blanket than an actual source of joy so perhaps now is the season to let it go.  Between [Netflix](https://www.netflix.com){: rel="nofollow"}, Hulu, Amazon, Sling TV, and a host of other services you can literally take your entertainment bill down from over $100 a month to perhaps $9.99.
Let’s face it, there are only a few channels you watch anyway and if you have kids they dominate the TV most of the time.  Once you cut the cord for the first time you will realize just how little TV you actually watched and what other joys exist in life.  This is more than a cost-cutting hack, but it’s a life hack into the rest of your life.  Drop the security blanket and let it go!

## Download the S’more App

No I’m not talking about those delicious marshmallow delights; I’m talking about an app that turns idle downtime into cash.  We almost all have smartphones these days and for various reasons they all have a lock screen that engages when idle.  The [S’more App](https://www.smoreapp.co) rents that lock screen space like a billboard and pays you money for doing so.  That’s it, it really is that simple. 

I’m sure you love looking at your cute dog picture for 2 seconds before swiping left to unlock, but what if you could smile while looking at an ad that was making you money.  You earn points for your lock screen time that you can then cash in for gift cards.  It puts your phone and idle time to work for you!  So look over at your phone right now and tell it the break is over as it’s time to get back work.  After all, it’s just sitting there. You can download the [S'more app here](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lab465.SmoreApp).

## Coupon Like a Crazy Person

You don’t have to spend hours cutting out papers and you don’t have to walk away from the grocery store with a $0 tab.  But with religious devotion if you just checked on your phone or with one of the various apps if the store or restaurant you are about to enter has any online coupons you will be shocked to find that they probably do!

Why would you pay 10% to 20% more if you didn’t have to?  Many stores don’t even bother to scan or check expiration dates on coupons which means the amount of deals floating around cyberspace is literally never ending.  Trust me, if you can make it a habit to check Facebook on your phone every 20 seconds you can make it a habit to check your phone in the parking lot before you hit the store.  It’s worth it!

## Drink Lots of Water

No seriously, drinking lots of water will literally save you money.  First of all, it’s free in most eateries unless you insist it come in a bottle.  If you are not a fan of your local tap water, consider a one-time purchase of a reusable filter to save you the cost of constantly buying bottled water.  However, the truth is that your local tap water is likely perfectly fine but feel free to suspend this tip during your weeklong trip through South America. 

But more than saving money on beverages, drinking lots of water is a key ingredient to a healthy body.  A healthier you means reduced medical costs, co-pays, and trips to pharmacy.  Not to mention if you drop the sodas for water you will watch the pounds start to fall off of you at a rapid pace.  Save money and look good doing it by drinking lots of water. See, I told you it could be simple.

## Hide Cash from Yourself

Still try to remember where you put it, but if you don’t trust yourself to walk around with a pile of cash in your wallet or purse then stash it.  When the money is out of sight it is out of mind and this is a great way to accumulate a surprise savings when you least expect it.  It can be a sock drawer, box under the bed, or cookie jar in the kitchen but I would highly recommend not labeling the location “Big Box of Cash.” 

When you break a $20 at a store with a purchase it is a simple step to take a few of those $1s and put them aside.  If you really want to get ambitious you can try and pull it off with a $5 as after all that is still only one drink at Starbucks. But just start stashing the money without any intention of spending it and you’ll be surprised to find out that not only your spending habits will change, but there will sooner or later literally be a “Big Box of Cash” waiting for you at home.

## Grow Veggies and Buy Quick Sell Meat

Rather than pay a hefty price for organic veggies at the store, why not throw up a garden in your back yard.  After all, “organic food” is really just what our grandparents called food and the art of growing it on our own is slowly being lost.  If you can pull out your green thumb, you’ll save on overpriced veggies while eating healthy along the way. 

And if you can muster up the courage, buy reduced quick sell meat that is about to expire.  There is nothing wrong with this meat and if you need to do some research into how expiration dates work to make you feel more comfortable with it then have at it.  But this meat which is often near a corner of your meat department can often be as much as 50% off and can even be frozen for use at a much later date.  

So there you have it people, 7 simple steps to saving cash and building your own personal wealth.  Yes, saving money takes discipline but when you can master just a hand full of helpful habits it will just become part of your regular routine. Simple steps from drinking more water to turning your idle phone time into cash can make it happen with ease.  Even the richest man’s dollar breaks down into pennies at some point, so don’t be afraid start now and work your way up.  You deserve it!
